[Home](../../README.md) > Changelog

# Head Meeting - 22. April 2020

## 1. Current state

| Service | Status | Plans |
| --------| ------ | ----- |
| Task | JWT supported needed, TaskGroups finished, documentation needs to be updated, all refined solution types are implemented | Mocking server, pagination |
| Frontend | 17 open PRs (actions runner crashed), settings, login & regiser rewritten, nearly stateless | docu: install, bugfixes, check design, backend connection, credits should be updated (api connection to github?) |
| Report | waiting for documentation, tests | bugfixing |
| User | (no head part of meeting) |
| API | (no head part of meeting) | |
| Design | (no head part of meeting), only one designer left | mobile design | mobile |
| Gateway | Login implemented, waiting for UserMS | TaskMS connection |

## 2. New frontend leader

Akida is the new frontend leader, Adrian (rankala) will support him

## 3. Discord Bot

- DevMax has opened a PR, someone has to review it
- The bot is missing a specific role

## 4. TaskMS TODO

- Flag which language a task has
- Storing data: images, sound etc.
  - third party? Amazon S3?
- Rename "wordsalad" to "anagram" in order to be compliant with the english language

## 5. Notification service

- Email support etc.
- Needs refinement from Concept team (documentation)

## 6. Monetarization

- We currently have no other options (sadly) than using ads
- We need money for infrastructure after release
- We have to evaluate data privacy etc.
- Our plan is to evalute all the options
- Concept team will discuss this topic in detail

[Home](../../README.md)
